Update README (#15518)
PrestaShop/PrestaShop: README.md

 
For more information on our branch system, read our guide on [installing PrestaShop for development][install-guide-dev].

The first stable version of PrestaShop 1.7, 1.7.0.0, was released on November 7th, 2016. Further updates have been released since then. Learn more about it on [the Build devblog](https://build.prestashop.com/tag/1.7/).

Server configuration
--------

> To install PrestaShop 1.7, you need a web server running PHP 5.6+ and any flavor of MySQL 5.0+ (MySQL, MariaDB, Percona Server, etc.). Latest versions of PrestaShop 1.7 require PHP 7.1+.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To install the latest PrestaShop 1.7, you need a web server running PHP 7.1+ and any flavor of MySQL 5.0+ (MySQL, MariaDB, Percona Server, etc.). Versions between 1.7.0 and 1.7.6 work with PHP 5.6+.
```

> To install the latest PrestaShop 1.7, you need a web server running PHP 7.1+ and any flavor of MySQL 5.0+ (MySQL, MariaDB, Percona Server, etc.). Versions between 1.7.0 and 1.7.6 work with PHP 5.6+.

Reviewer 2: @PierreRambaud Always in MySQL 5.0 ?

Reviewer: Right now, yes. The code needs to be updated to change the minimum MySQL version :/
